Core functionalities of [RDNZL](https://play.spotify.com/track/1t7X7R3thexX2s6am5H4X5)
=============================

This file describes the core functionalities of RDNZL, and their behavior.

Description
-----------
RDZNL is my online interactive CV. It is design as a fun and original way to present myself to recruiters or schools.
It must be readable by English or French speaking peoples.

Model (Short version)
--------------------
The CV is composed of *features*. A feature describe one of my experiences or characteristics. 
A feature is linked to one or several hashtags.
A *hashtag*, like \#pyhton, \#workexperience, \#education or \#java, categorize the features.
A feature is also linked to one employer (which has a name, a short description, a URL and a logo (optional)) 
An employer can be linked to one recommendation, composed of a body and the author's name and email.

An explanation of the link from a feature to a hashtag is always given.
For exemple, the feature "CIRDLES Internship" is linked to \#java because 
"The software that we developped during this internship was in Java."

Representation 
--------------
The representation of a feature is always created in relation to an hashtag.
Three parts compose it : 
- The main representation of the feature 
- The explanation of the relation to the hashtag
- The full representation of the employer, collapsed

For exemple, for the feature "CIRDLES Internship" shown in relation to the hashtag \#java, 
the main representation would be : 
"Designed and coded Topsoil in collaboration with another RA. Thanks to Topsoil, geochronologists can easily create plots specific to their field."
and the explanation : "The software that we developped during this internship was in Java."

A hashtag has two representations :
- The closed one : simply a box with the hashtag's name.
- The open one : this one contains the hashtag's name,
the representation of one of its feature,
and a button to switch to the next feature.

The representation of an employer has two states:
- The collapsed one : Shows only the logo, if any, and the name of the employer.
  They are linked to the website of the company.
  A button to switch to the opened representation is also shown
- The opened one : Shows the collapsed representation minus the button, plus the
  description and the recommendation's e-mail, name and body


Scenario
--------

1. Philip, the recruiter, request the main page of the CV
2. The application displays the main page, a grid of hastags. \#presentation opens, its only feature is shown. 
3. Philip reads the feature of \#presentation and close the hashtag. 
4. The main page is shown again
5. Philip opens another hashtag.
6. The application show the first feature linked to the hashtag.
7. Philip ask to see the next feature or ask to close the hashtag.
8. The application execute Philip's order
9. Return to 7 if the hashtag is still open or if there is more feature to see
10. Return to 4
